index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Guelph Digital Service Design Guide
description: An overview of the GDS Design System, including; styleguides, components, page templates, and design patterns!
---

The homepage of a style guide should provide high-level information around what the design system is, what benefits it provides, who it's for, and how to get started with it. Like any good index page, it should provide clear navigation to key parts of the website.

[Get Started]({{ "/getting-started" | prepend: site.baseurl }}){: .c-btn}

## Design System Benefits
Explain how the design system benefits users and the business. For inspiration, check out over 180 examples of design systems at [Styleguides.io](http://styleguides.io/examples).
tivizes teams to use the system, and shows components in the wild.

## Contributing info
If it's desirable to have people from across the organization contribute to the design system, linking to the <a href="{{ "/contributing.html" | prepend: site.baseurl }}">contributing page</a> from the homepage could be a good idea.

Commit message:

Initializing content for City of Guelph

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Guelph Digital Service Design Guide
description: An overview of the GDS Design System, including; guidelines, styles, page templates, development components, and author components!
---

The City of Guelph Design System is an **open-source** design system built for Guelph based digital services. It acts as a living document to provide guidance on how to properly apply our internal policies and procedures. Working towards efficient Digital Services in the City requires synchronicity between our all of our departments, as well as proper communication between our users, authors, editors, reviewers, designers, developers, and system administrators.


By properly understanding and utilizing; the guidelines that we follow, the styles we use, the page templates we've built, and the components we have developed (and confine yourselves to) you can help us to build better design decisions and to produce more consistent and unified services.

## Contributing
The more eyes and edits we receive on this document the better! Our aim is to first have policies and procedures formally defined so that their explicit implementation can be provided here, but in general we are **always** looking for recommendations on how we can make this system better, features we can add, and bloat that can be removed. For more information on how to contribute please visit the [Contribution page]({{ "/contribute" | prepend: site.baseurl }})

## Support
Refering to this document is not enough, we must be considerate of the entire design system to properly comply with it's rulings and implementation, if you are unsure about anything, don't hesitate to get in touch! More information can be found on the[Support page]({{ "/support" | prepend: site.baseurl }}).


[Get Started]({{ "/getting-started" | prepend: site.baseurl }}){: .c-btn}
{: .txtcenter}
