pages/contribute.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Contributing to the design system
description: This page explains the process (or processes) by which the design system gets updated
permalink: /contribute
---

## People
Describe who's involved in changes to the system. Describe who's expected to do the work and who approves changes.

## Process
Describe specifically the process or processes by which the system gets [updated](http://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-5/#making-changes-to-patterns). What happens when existing component need modified? What if an entire new component needs created? What happens if a component is deprecated? See [Canonical's fantastic decision tree](http://design.canonical.com/2016/07/getting-vanilla-ready-for-v1-the-roadmap/) for contributing changes to their design system.

Since a design system is made up of component code, guidelines, documentation, design tools, and resources, keep in mind you'll likely need to define several processes to contribute each of these ingredients.

## Support
Cross-linking to the <a href="{{ "/support.html" | prepend: site.baseurl }}">support page</a> is a good idea here.

Commit message:

Initializing content for City of Guelph

pages/contribute.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Contributing to the design system
description: Get involved! Help us make a design system that works for Guelph!
permalink: /contribute
---

## Authors
The City of Guelph digital design system is administered/maintained by the [WebServices department](mailto:webservices@guelph.ca) as well as the Guelph Digital Service. The original compilitation and development of the system was done by [Nic Durish](mailto:nic.durish@guelph.ca). Editors of this design system include; [Nic Durish](mailto:nic.durish@guelph.ca), [Greg Hahn](mailto:greg.hahn@guelph.ca), and [Kim Lawrence](mailto:kim.lawrence@guelph.ca)

## Process
Currently, the City of Guelph design system is being built with an informal and collaborate process in which WebServices is taking specifications and requirements from departments. Ideally once a suitable foundation for the design system is built, future updates, feature additions, or bug fixes will be discussed within the Guelph Digital Services steering committee and with our testing group made of local community members. Ultimately however, the final decisions on revisions of this document are left with Guelph Digital Service. If you have a recommendation or would like to provide feedback on this system, please contact one of the authors listed above.

Since a design system is made up of component code, guidelines, documentation, design tools, and resources, there are a number of different processes for submitting changes to this system. The primary methods of editing this document itself are via the Forestry.io CMS or by directly committing changes to the [Github Directory](https://github.com/Guelph-Digital-Service/GDS-Design-Guide). To use these you will first need an account with appropriate permissions - if you would like to be added as an editor, please contact [WebServices](mailto:webservices@guelph.ca). More importantly however, changes to code must be pushed to the GDS-design-system directory to be utilized in guelph.ca and other relevant services. Please do not make explicit changes without collaborating with other authors.
