pages/getting-started.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Getting Started
description: User, I'd like to introduce you to the COG Design System. COG Design System, I'd like to introduce you to user. 
permalink: /getting-started
---

## Downloading
If you aren't working on a site or application that does not already have the City of Guelph Design System files or resources already included, then you'll need to start by downloading the systems that you'll be working with:

[Download Design System Files]({{ "/downloads" | prepend: site.baseurl }}){: .c-btn}
{: .txtcenter}


## Creating pages and using components
Provide information on how to properly link up design system files in order to create a basic "hello world" template. From there, describe the process of incorporating design system's components into the project. Again, this will undoubtedly vary based on the setup and technologies your organization utilizes.

## Code conventions
Whether you are a developer or designer, if you are going to be coding along-side this design system - *please* learn more about our [coding conventions]({{ "/guidelines/code" | prepend: site.baseurl }})

Commit message:

Large content changes: guidelines, one offs

pages/getting-started.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Getting Started
description: User, I'd like to introduce you to the COG Design System. COG Design System, I'd like to introduce you to user.
permalink: /getting-started
---

## Downloading
If you aren't working on a site or application that does not already have the City of Guelph Design System files or resources already included, then you'll need to start by downloading the systems that you'll be working with:

[Download Design System Files]({{ "/downloads" | prepend: site.baseurl }}){: .c-btn}
{: .txtcenter}



## Conventions
Whether you are a developer or designer, if you are going to be coding along-side this design system - *please* start by learning more about our [corporate identity]({{ "/guidelines/corporateidentity" | prepend: site.baseurl }}), [AODA standards]({{ "/guidelines/accessibility" | prepend: site.baseurl }}), and each of the other [guidelines]({{ "/guidelines/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}).



## Authors
If you are an author using this design system, you'll want to direct your attention to the [styles]({{ "/styles/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}) and [components]({{ "/components/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}) sections, and give extra attention to those [writing guidelines]({{ "/guidelines/writing" | prepend: site.baseurl }})!


## Webmasters
Most of your attention should lie within the [styles]({{ "/styles/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}), *components*, *dev components*, and [page templates]({{ "/wptheme/templates" | prepend: site.baseurl }}) sections!

## Developers
You will mostly be maintaining and adding to the above mentioned sections, but you'll want to pay particular attention to the *dev components*, [page templates]({{ "/wptheme/templates" | prepend: site.baseurl }}), and [custom post types]({{ "/wptheme/custom-post-types" | prepend: site.baseurl }}).
