pages/support.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Support
description: The support page provides information about getting help with using the design system
permalink: /support
---

Talk about the importance of communication between [makers and users](http://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-5/#design-system-makers-and-users) of the design system.

## Support channels
Where can people go for help with the design system? Where do people talk about the design system? Where should bugs be filed? Cross-link to the <a href="{{ "/contribute.html" | prepend: site.baseurl }}">contributing page</a> as there's often overlap between this kind of information.

## Support opportunities
Training and support can [take many forms](http://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-5/#training-and-support), including:

- Pair sessions
- Workshops
- Webinars
- Consulting sessions
- Tutorials
- Employee onboarding
- Office hours
- Chat tools
- Issue trackers
- Forums

Take the time to present all support and training information; it helps give users confidence you have their backs when they get stuck.

Commit message:

Initializing content for City of Guelph

pages/support.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Support
description: Help is just an email away!
permalink: /support
---

There will inevitably be people who help make and maintain the City of Guelph design system, and there will be people who will be users of this design system. There may be overlap between these two groups, but establishing the roles of makers and users is important nonetheless. The design system makers are the ones who create, maintain, and govern the system, and they need to work closely together to ensure that the system is smart, flexible, scalable, and addresses the needs of the users and business. The design system users are the teams across the organization who will take the system and employ its interface patterns to specific applications. Please consider whether you are more of a maker or a user in this context!


## Support channels
For support on using this system please contact [Nic Durish](mailto:nic.durish@guelph.ca) or [WebServices](mailto:webservices@guelph.ca).

## Support opportunities
Training and support can take many forms, including:

- Pair sessions
- Workshops
- Webinars
- Consulting sessions
- Tutorials
- Employee onboarding
- Office hours
- Chat tools
- Issue trackers
- Forums
- Etc.

Please let us know what type of support works best for you :)
